🪟 📝 Add webapp folder structure guide (#108)
airbytehq/airbyte-platform: airbyte-webapp/STYLEGUIDE.md

```

> Historical context: previously there was some usage of color variables inside `rgba()` functions. In these cases, _SASS_ was actually compiling this into CSS for us, because it knew to convert `rgba(rgb(255, 0, 0), 50%)` into `rgb(255, 0, 0, 50%)`. Now that we use CSS Custom Properties for colors, SASS cannot know the value of the color variable at build time. So it outputs `rgba(var(--blue), 50%)` which will not work as expected.

## Folder Structure

> The Airbyte team is currently restructuring how folders are organized in the codebase. This section describes the current folder structure and may be subject to change.

* components - All React components except for page components. See section below for details
* config - Config system

> * core - General modules used by the app

Reviewer: Seconding this. While I appreciate that this document goes in a lot of depth about the component folder structure I feel it lacks writing down about a lot of the discussions we had around the non-component folders (how to structure, services, core, hooks, etc.)

* views - Folder deprecated. Includes React components that will be moved to `components/` in the future

## React Components

> The Airbyte team is currently restructuring how components are organized in the codebase. Components currently in `src/views/` are being be migrated to `src/components/`. `src/components` is currently being reorganized. The new structure is described below and it's expected that new code follows the new structure.

Most React components are in `src/components` but components that represent pages on the site are in `src/pages`. 

### Components Structure

The `src/components` folder is divided into sub-folders for each domain in the app such as `connection`, `source`, and `destination`. Core UI components (such as Buttons, tables, etc.) are all located in `src/components/ui`. Components that are shared across different domains but may not be part of the UI library are in `src/components/common`. Sub-folders must be written in `camelCase`.

Within each sub-folder, there are folder for each major component. These folders are written in `PascalCase`, the same way a React component would be named. Within these folders there are a few files:

> * `index.ts` - Used to the main component and supporting functions or types to the app.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `index.ts` - Used to export the main component and supporting functions or types to the app.
```

* `{MainComponentName}.tsx` - The main component, also exported through `index.ts`
* `{MainComponentName}.test.tsx` - The test file
* `{MainComponentName}.module.scss` - The main component's style file
* Files for additional components that support the main Component directly, using the same naming conventions as above.
* `types.ts` (optional) - Types shared between different sub-components
* `utils.ts` (optional) - Any utilities that support the components

When using supporting components, the folder could become rather full of them. In those cases Components should be split into their own folders parallel to the main component, especially when the supporting component also needs to be broken down into multiple sub components.

> Here's a hypothetical example: The app has a streams panel with a lot of sub-components including a streams table. Instead of placing all the components under `src/components/connection/StreamsPanel`, the table should be broken out into it's own sub-folder as a child of the `connection` folder.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Here's a hypothetical example: The app has a streams panel with a lot of sub-components including a streams table. Instead of placing all the components under `src/components/connection/StreamsPanel`, the table should be broken out into its own sub-folder as a child of the `connection` folder.
```

❌ Incorrect - While StreamsTable is only used in the StreamsPanel, it also has its own sub-components.

```
src/
  components/
    connection/
      StreamsPanel/
        index.ts
        StreamsPanel.tsx
        StreamsPanelHeader.tsx
        StreamsPanelContent.tsx
        StreamsTable.tsx
        StreamsTableBody.tsx
        StreamsTableCell.tsx
        StreamsTableHeader.tsx

>         StreamsTableRow.tsx

Reviewer 2: At some point, we may want to quantify the conceptual split here a bit more clearly.  We have spots where new components are being added to directories that now look like this (or even more complex!)

Maybe we're not there yet, though.

```

✅ Correct - StreamsTable is separated into its own folder alongside StreamsPanel

```
src/
  components/
    connection/
      StreamsPanel/
        index.ts
        StreamsPanel.tsx
        StreamsPanelHeader.tsx
        StreamsPanelContent.tsx
      StreamsTable/
        index.ts
        StreamsTable.tsx
        StreamsTableBody.tsx
        StreamsTableCell.tsx
        StreamsTableHeader.tsx
        StreamsTableRow.tsx
```

### Pages Structure

> The Airbyte team is currently restructuring how pages are organized in the codebase. This describes the ideal structure for the `pages/` folder.

> React components that represent pages and routes are split from the rest of the components in order to provide a clear way to identify the individual pages that are available in the app.

Reviewer 2: Similarly: We have a handful of pages that are more like "tabs", but have their own routes.  Would those go under "pages/"?

~~(IE: we do this in settings and also in the ConnectionItemPage)~~ it looks like this is addressed further down, and we'd refer to these as "pages"

Each sub-folder in `pages/` corresponds to the domain path in the url. For example. `/workspaces/{workspaceId}/connections/*` pages are available in `pages/connections/`.

Pages are not nested within sub-folders. Instead, all pages are alongside each other and the nesting is configured in the routes file.

> The page React component is intended to put together a series of more heavy-hitting components. The components that support the page are part of the `components/` folder. Smaller components that support the page component can be created in the page's folder.

Reviewer 3: Phrasing suggestion:

```suggestion
A page component should not contain any complex logic, it should rather focus on composing other components. The components that are used in the page belong in the `components/` folder. Smaller components that support the page component can be created in the page's folder.
```

> Smaller components that support the page component can be created in the page's folder.

I wonder if this is something we should encourage? The way this is currently phrased makes it unclear to me what types of components could live here. Personally I'm in favor of keeping _only_ pages in the `pages` folder. I think it's a "slippery slope" if we allow other random components to be co-located there, which leads to a lot of components not in the `components` folder (probably how we ended up where we are currently).

Reviewer 2: Agree.

Here's an example using the connections pages:

```
components/
  connection/

>     ConnectionsTable/ - Used by AllConnectionsPage

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    ConnectionsTable/ - A table listing all connections for a given workspace
```

pages
  connections/

>     AllConnectionsPage/ - The page that renders the list of connections. Uses `components/connection/ConnectionsTable`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    AllConnectionsPage/ - The connection overview page. Renders a ConnectionsTable
```

    ConnectionPage/ - The individual connection page
    ConnectionReplicationPage/ - A sub-page of the ConnectionPage that renders the replication "tab"
    ConnectionRoutes.tsx - Defines entire route structure for connections
routePaths.tsx - Global routing constants

> routes.tsx - Global routing file

Reviewer 3: Could we mention how cloud fits in to this?
